[laughing]
My darkness will
swallow the world,
just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] At long last,
the Straw Hat Pirates
have reached the waters
of the New World,
ruled by the Four Emperors.
Forming an alliance
with the Warlord, Law,
the Straw Hats capture
the evil scientist, Caesar,
and head to Dressrosa for
the next phase of their plan.
Their objective is to shut down
a man-made Devil Fruit factory.
[LUFFY laughs]
Dressrosa! Let's party!
[NARRATOR] When Luffy and
the others arrive at Dressrosa,
a kingdom ruled by Doflamingo,
they divide into three teams.
The first team will head to
Green Bit to hand over Caesar.
The second team will stay on
the Sunny to guard the ship.
And a third team will
destroy the SMILE factory
and rescue a samurai.
[NARRATOR] Luffy and the others
reach the port town Acacia,
where living toys
walk the streets.
Entering a bar to eat lunch,
they witness an
interesting scene.
[LUFFY]
You guys smell that?
[gasps, chuckles]
What is it, friend?
Did I win or lose?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE K chuckles]
Oh, too bad! Looks like black!
Your streak is over!
White! Let's go!
Black for me!
Oh! Black 20! You lose again!
[FUJITORA growls]
White again, please!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE K]
Another black! Wow!
White!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE K]
I'm sorry!
Another black.
Seems like all my luck ran out.
This is no good at all.
Give up? You had
enough, old man?
[FUJITORA]
Not yet.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE K gasps]
[FUJITORA] One last time.
I'll bet everything I've got.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE K]
That's the spirit!
You pick whatever color
catches your fancy,
and I'll take the other, okay?
Of course, I'll bet
everything I've got as well!
[FUJITORA]
You must be feeling lucky today.
Uh-huh. All right, here goes.
Place your bet.
[FUJITORA]
This time, I'm certain.
Everything on white,
if you would, sir.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE K]
If you're set on choosing white,
I got only one option.
Everything on black!
[FUJITORA]
Swell.
Come on, white! Win big!
Fat chance! Go black!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasping]
[gasping]
[FUJITORA]
So, where did we land?
[FUJITORA] Your silence is
the only answer I need.
It landed on white, didn't it?
Ha! I've got some news to
break to you, old timer!
Ah, no. You're telling
me it landed on...
Yep!
--It's b---
--[LUFFY] White!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE K gasps]
[ONLOOKERS gasping]
Huh? Who's the dealer here?
[whimpers]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES whimpering]
Maybe you should get
your eyes checked out!
Look more carefully this time!
[LUFFY] Yep. It's white!
Congratulations, gramps!
--What?
--Why don't you
keep your mouth shut
and mind your own business?
Get lost!
Or maybe he wants
his ass kicked!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES growl]
[ONLOOKERS scream]
[FUJITORA]
Huh?
Who does this guy think he is?
Doesn't he know
who they work for?
Got himself involved again.
You seein' this?
Dude's pretending like
we're not even here!
You weren't pulling my
leg when you said I won?
[LUFFY]
No, you made off like a thief.
Sir, I don't know who you are
or where you came from,
but thank you for
acting as my eyes!
No sweat. I'm just
callin' it like I see it.
You made the bet.
Besides, you don't look
like you need help
defending yourself.
You've gone and stuck your head
where it doesn't belong!
If I say it landed on black,
then it landed on black!
And he can't see anyway,
so what difference does it make
what color I say it is?
We run this joint!
You got that?
That's odd.
Seems a hog got loose
in the restaurant
and tripped over my cane.
[chuckles] Apologize to
the swine on my behalf.
You blind old fool!
It's a fight?
Oh, well. Excuse me.
Do me a favor and please
take a step back.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES growl]
They left me no choice.
I'm gonna have to send
every one of them to hell.
Cut him to pieces!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES yell]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES grunting]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES groaning]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasping]
[LUFFY]
Hm?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasping]
[gasping]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES grunt]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES groaning]
Why am I so heavy?
I'm gonna be crushed!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES screaming]
What? Who the hell is this guy?
And how'd he do that?
[LUFFY]
Wow! That is one big hole!
It's not a curse to be blind
in this world of crime.
Everywhere you turn,
there's bound to be
horrendous things
hardly worth laying
your eyes upon.
Not seein' them is
a true blessing.
[ONLOOKERS gasping]
[FUJITORA] Sorry if I
caused you any disturbance.
Who the hell is that guy?
That's some power.
Must be a Devil Fruit,
but what kind?
[FUJITORA]
Are you the proprietor
of this establishment?
Send the bill for any
repairs to this address.
Wh-What? Don't tell me
you're actually--!
Perhaps I'll come by again soon.
[LUFFY] I knew you were
stronger than you let on!
What's your name, anyway?
[chuckles]
I guess you could
call it second sight.
But there's something
that's telling me
not answering you would be
better for both our sakes.
[door creaks, slams]
--[glass shattering]
--[LADIES screaming]
[MAN K] Hey! What's your deal?
You blind or something?
[FUJITORA] My sincere apologies!
Did I hurt anyone?
"Better for both
our sakes," huh?
I gotta feeling whoever
he is, he's infamous.
At least we know one
thing for certain,
he ain't no ordinary guy.
Uh! My bag's missing!
[MAN E]
My watch is gone, too!
Has anyone seen my wallet?
Oh, no! Someone has stolen
my favorite jacket!
It must've been
after the explosion
when dust was everywhere!
He's infamous, all right.
That old man seems
quite the thief.
[ZORO]
Huh. There's only two here!
Was something taken
from you, as well?
[ZORO]
One of my swords is missing!
My Shusui was right
here a minute ago!
What?! You let him steal
the treasure of Wano?!
[ZORO] Damn! My Shusui's
nowhere around!
How could I have
been so careless?
Well, you had better
get it back!
Looks like they stole
from everyone!
But that's what
fairies do for fun!
What're you babblin' about?
Are the fairies a gang
of thieves or something?
Fairies are fairies,
that's all I know.
All you can do is
laugh and let it go!
You want me to laugh?!
Invisible fairies are
the guardians of Dressrosa
since ancient times
and they're our ally!
When they engage in mischief,
the only thing to do
is turn a blind eye!
Well, if fairies stole from us,
I guess that's okay then!
Let's forget about it!
Are you all mental?!
The Shusui is the national
treasure of the Wano Kingdom!
Arg! It's my sword,
fair and square!
It belongs to my entire country!
How many times have I told you,
someone gifted it to me!
Mark my words, one day
I shall duel with you,
so I might return
Shusui to Wano--
to the place it
rightfully belongs!
I accept the duel and I look
forward to beating you!
[crash]
[ZORO]
You got too greedy, fairy!
You're not goin' anywhere!
[LUFFY] Zoro! Where do
ya think you're goin'?
Get back here!
We don't have time to let you
wander all over the city
chasing after a sword!
I like where this is headed!
[laughs]
[FRANKY]
Not you, Luffy!
Did you see the thief?
I will let none
abscond from this place
with the national
treasure of Wano!
Let go of my arm, Franky!
I wanna be a part of this!
You wanna settle down and
listen to my idea first?
What idea?
[ZORO grunts, yells]
[PATRONS chattering]
Now I understand.
When it's just the five
of us on a mission,
I gotta step up and be
the adult of the group.
[SANJI] Why is everyone trying
to be a show-off today?
[yells]
You just leave everything
up to your ol' pal Franky.
I'm coming, you
bite-sized little punk!
Moron, stop making me chase you!
That sword rightfully belongs
to the Kingdom of Wano!
[ZORO]
You can't get away from me!
Yeah? And you can't
get away from me!
Give me back the national
treasure of Wano!
[laughing] Look at that
funny man's weird hair!
How dare you! Mind your tongue!
[KIN'EMON grunting]
I didn't realize my topknot
was exposed to the public!
[KIN'EMON exhales]
[KIN'EMON grunts]
Remain calm.
I'm a grown man, not
some helpless child.
But I'm lost!
[FRANKY] You're one of
Doflamingo's thugs, ain't cha?
What's your point?
We all work for Doflamingo!
That's super what I thought!
Yep...
Just a minute.
You really think I'm gonna let
a couple nobodies like you
try and mess with the Young
Master in Dressrosa!
Huh?
[gasps]
[whimpering]
I think this guy
needs to be shown
what a real threat looks like.
Look, buddy. How 'bout
you just spill the beans
and tell us everything
we want to know, okay?
I swear I told you
guys everything!
I remember being ordered
to chase around a couple
of samurai, but I don't recall
how they were caught
or where they're currently being
held, and that's the truth!
Also, I don't have
any idea what SMILE is.
You sure you don't have
even the teensiest?
No! And this factory?
I don't know anything
about that, either!
Who are you people?!
Man, what a bummer.
Even his own foot soldiers
are in the dark.
He's too far down the ladder
to know anything important.
Hey, tell us where we can
find someone higher ranking.
Tch. You're gonna
have a hard time
digging up anyone else to
interrogate in an alley way!
Everyone's been summoned to
attend the colosseum games!
Just look!
[LUFFY, FRANKY]
Hm?
[TOWNSPEOPLE chattering]
As you can clearly see,
the entire kingdom's headed
over in that direction.
What direction?
To the Corrida Colosseum.
If you want high ranking
officials, that's the place!
And why's that?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE K]
'Cause there's a huge event
going on today.
And all the family's leaders
should be in attendance,
watching it go down.
This big event everyone's
excited for--
what makes it such a super
occasion no one wants to miss?
For whatever reason
the Young Master
is gonna offer
an incredible prize
to whoever wins the match.
Even I had my doubts
when it was announced.
It's the one thing
everyone wants!
[LUFFY]
Don't tell me...
It's that delicious meat
Mingo was talkin' about!
Huh?
[LUFFY grunting]
While he did say it's
something you'd want,
it's probably more
important than lunch.
All right, out with it.
Heh. I hope you're ready for a
surprise. First place gets...
[LITTLE BOY A]
Ouch!
[LITTLE BOY B]
We shoulda guessed!
It's The Lightning Soldier!
What was that for?
We wanna go in
the colosseum!
You can't keep us out!
[TOY SOLDIER]
It's not for children's eyes!
People are going to kill
each other here! Go home!
Looks like that damn
toy soldier's at it again!
He just won't give up!
[GUARDS grunting]
[TOY SOLDIER]
You can't hit me! Jet walk!
[GYATS] Ladies and Gentlemen.
Toys and dolls. Are you ready?
This is no mere event you're
going to witness today!
[CROWD cheering]
[GYATS]
It's one hell of an event!
His majesty has entrusted us
with a most extraordinary prize
to be awarded at the
conclusion of the games!
And would you like
to know what it is?
[CROWD cheering]
First, let's go back.
There was a great warrior who
fought in the War of the Best.
He perished there two years ago.
What? He can't be
talkin' about...
The 2nd division leader of
the infamous Whitebeard Crew
and son of the King
of the Pirates.
The one and only Fire Fist Ace!
Did he just say "Ace"?
Yeah! He did!
Flame Commandment!
Fire Pillar!
[GYATS] They say he could easily
smash through a warship
with his flaming punch!
And was able to burn down
an entire city, reducing
it to a hellscape!
Dear spectators, I am
proud to announce
that terrifying power has
returned to this world
in the form of a
Devil Fruit once again!
Wait. That's how it works?
That's crazy!
Feast your eyes!
[CROWD cheers]
[GYATS]
The winner of today's event
will receive this forbidden
fruit as their prize!
And it's a Logia,
the most powerful type of Devil
Fruit known to humankind!
[CROWD gasping]
No way!
Is that real?
[GYATS] The legendary
Flame Flame Fruit!
Amazing!
I don't believe it!
[CROWD cheering]
You're saying it's
the real deal?
Doflamingo would never lie
about something this huge!
[LUFFY grunts]
Ace's fruit?
And it's so close...
[NARRATOR] The desperate battle
for the Flame Flame Fruit
is about to come to a head.
At the same time,
Sanji has a fateful encounter
with an enchanting young
Flamenco dancer.
And when the two
run away together,
the situation becomes
even more complicated.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Dangerous Love!
The Dancer Girl--Violet!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!